before the video starts I just want to
let you guys know that we already
started shipping some of the orders that
we received on Steve discomfort over the
past week people are getting to see this
comfort year as Christmas and holiday
gifts so if you want to make sure you
get it before the holidays and Christmas
then make sure you order right now
because we are shipping them week by
week it's our biggest best collection to
date so many designs we brought back
some of the best sellers so make sure
you go to sleep discomfort come to check
it out but for now enjoy the video
mr Reed this coming convincing someone
in the airport to fly somewhere
different with you guys yeah that's
brilliant let's go right now what are
you talking about the top response to
that comment is would be next to
impossible but I would love to see them
try to do it all right actually going
well I was like kind of joking but are
you serious yes say you buster what's
his name what's his name what's this
guy's that's impossible that's it
what are we actually going right now
it's 9 p.m. on a Monday night relax
so 2 weeks ago we really did get that
comment from someone called Daniel
Moorefield and even though we seem
stupidly confident about completing his
challenge we honestly had no clue how
we're going to pull this one off our
plan was just to show up at the LA
Airport and hang around the domestic
departure gates to ask strangers if
there's anywhere in the u.s. that
they've always wanted to travel to but
never been to before if anyone has a
specific answer would then try to
convince them to completely bail on
whichever flight they had originally
paid for and cancel whatever plans they
originally had to come with us to their
dream destination instead for 24 hours
let's see if this is actually an
impossible mission or potentially an
epic adventure thank you so much
just to have a good flight but I don't
know if we're leaving tonight yet
depends if we can find the flight we can
find a stranger this is gonna be hard I
was after mysticalsugar I everybody's
rushing everybody doesn't have time for
anything to find someone that wear
everything alive there has to be luck 45
year old mom and you wanna go travel
with us what if I pitch in like that
good question good question are you
flying right now in your dream
destination destination or human
destination for goes in the u.s. like a
city they've always want to visit in the
u.s. yeah
we are doing a challenge today where
we're trying to find a stranger that's
travel conditions our travel plan
actually join us in going to they've
always well my commander said it was
hard you're right literally just been
walking back and forth for like 20
minutes right now
no looking good bill hmm right that's a
good offer really really tempting
I gotta funk wisdom are tomorrow you go
they want someone to be like oh my god
dude I have always wanted to visit like
Chicago or San Francisco come in you
find somewhere you can't be that are out
that way totally wanted to do it oh yes
it is 10:00 to 11:00 we had said that
the cutoff point would be 11:00 for this
first day of trials what do we do when
we find the person that we want in ten
minutes
[Music]
well this is pretty difficult
looks like the airport is emptying out I
think we have to come back tomorrow
alright back at the airport we're about
to travel with someone have a memorable
experience but before then before then
we've gotta find that person what's been
your top of travel destination within
the u.s. that you haven't met again well
actually it isn't a business trip not
I'm here for business
oh you are okay and I would have taken
you up man it's been like an hour of
trying to figure out the right person to
ask but it is quite tricky my friend and
I are doing a challenge my friend and I
are doing a challenge we were trying to
find a traveler who's willing to change
their travel plan and join us and going
to their dream destination for a day and
then we'll book them from there to
wherever they were going what's been
Honolulu Hawaii yeah
we don't go anywhere
our lifestyle allows us to do that we
were full-time marv years a couple years
ago when we went to 30 different states
just playing artillery you know and
really one of the things that we didn't
do on the trip leader or not though was
be spontaneous during the trip we felt
we had to plan everything out so that we
always had reservation exactly there's a
flight in 40 minutes 40-minute is you've
been allowed to book a flight 40 minutes
before she flights must be booked no
less than 30 minutes three minutes for
that suit I understand the payment
information just isn't loading one
minute I click purchase we're gonna have
to run the seconds if I know that's
loading okay honestly in three years of
doing this I think this
spontaneous thing I've ever done is a
great time in this would you guess
so we missed the check-in time by the
two minutes can only buy tickets and
check-in within 30 minutes of the flight
so we have to take the next one which
leaves from San Francisco 6 p.m. all
right there was this detail that looks
like a bonus over everything that we
just went through
I'm not going to Atlanta so
[Music]
I've got the dog another option I don't
know how one of our roommates who loves
dogs you can totally just come and pick
her up
yeah does that work is she okay just
being around people which she should be
fine okay so here's what's happening you
cannot bring pets to Hawaii so we're
getting titty
all right edit er to come pick up their
dog to take care of it for three days
while they're in Hawaii my dog that was
like very brave yeah a lot of roommates
are so excited to babysit it like about
30 minutes ago more time to drop
everything that I was doing come to the
airport right now and pick a special
summer up I didn't realize that I was
picking up this day just another day yes
there yeah all right getting on the
flight are you feeling shot so I'm just
pretty awesome that's all I could say
[Music]
we are not fine with us
way to go pinky
[Music]
all right yeah road trip it's pretty
wild that we woke up this morning having
no idea that we'd end up in the middle
of the Pacific so I think we could echo
that Wow morning big adventures tomorrow
[Applause]
hello guys ready to get started first
stop is Northshore we have a friend who
is there a local surfer and he knows all
the best hikes everything so we'll start
there and then just explore alright
we're ready to start our day in Hawaii
but hold on a sec I think we got to
change her outfit
[Music]
oh my god thank you for so much for
picking how I look at these freaking
waves beyond what I expected or ever
thought really oh absolutely
first of all how many states have you
been I was like one of the last States
there were 49 and I never thought that I
would complete the other two states I
just didn't think that I would get out
to Hawaii that was the big one I still
wanted to go to Alaska but now I am I'm
gonna do it yeah I am going to hit every
state and I never thought I would do
that because you guys were on the road
for how long tired of the rat race and
not spending time with our family you
know everybody has a start date - is
1958 and one day that 1958 is going to
be followed by a - and another date so
it's that - that's in between that's
really really important - and so we
really strive to live the - it's amazing
just seeing the power of putting
something out there and it's something
that we try and push people to just do
because you literally don't lose
anything by telling the world by telling
people around you what is it that you
want you I literally it was just three
to five minutes before you guys walked
over and I
gosh if I could go anywhere on that
board it would be Honolulu and then you
guys walk down now we're actually in
Holland that's gone some adventures okay
so right now we're about to head to one
of the biggest surf competitions in the
world that had this beat from the best
surfers in the world are here gonna be a
spectacle
[Music]
right now we're heading to the crisp air
every location open that's betrayal and
we climbing that mountain or was that
with Chris expect anything that's a row
for a 20-mile hike
[Music]
how you doing grace a fishnet what's
surreal right now is that I follow you
sir cells in common and watching all
your adventures everywhere I like first
for you to want to see that and now
we're just so we are they can Kalia
trail kind of zigzag so somebody doesn't
like height that's probably not a good
bike like it's yes sirree you have to
come Nicky has some school work what day
is it even gives ya wow this is what we
do we Jam to get let me put my shoes on
okay wow this is unreal this is the
playground of wahoo
yes buddy hello this is the top what is
it
the swing yeah who puts a swing up here
[Music]
it cannot support your weight once you
start leaning forward you'll catch him
when he comes
[Music]
this is one of the beautiful hikes I've
ever been on for sure just look at that
that is awesome that right there that's
pipeline the number one wave in the
world I can't believe we're in freaking
Hawaii right now but to check out best
wave in the freaking world whoa they're
going wild man I've never ever been
your waves that big in my life
[Music]
yeah oh my god that is the biggest wave
I've ever seen I don't know what we've
done with that I hope I undertake you
guys well Emily who was willing to hop
on a flight with no plan I love it
keep surfing and we'll be getting
barrels one day one day I'll come out
here ah this is sad it's just a family
trip says it was it's equally awesome
it's not the ending of something is the
beginning of our friendship and
dying gratitude we have had such an
amazing time for us it was it was all
the vice and wisdom that you guys passed
down just make the experience what it
was first before screaming oh no that
line yeah we wouldn't be here right now
I know what I would be doing during my
leisure time for the next couple of days
certain little YouTube channel called
yes
[Music]